Debugging remote (#913)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/shared-content-source/docs/modules/develop/pages/debugging-remote.adoc

:page-partial:

include::ROOT:partial$include.adoc[]

Debugging a remote application is possible just by applying the https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/jpda/conninv.html#Invocation[standard] configuration to debugging a remote JVM. That is, adding this conf to JAVA_OPTS through our xref:cloudflow-configuration.adoc[configuration model]. 
	
	-agentlib:jdwp=transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=n,address=5005

> NOTE: the address can NOT be changed, it shall remain 5005.

Reviewer: we can bind the address to an sbt `settingKey`, if a user wants to debug multiple applications or in different environments, this sounds like a limitation, WDYT?

As we've seen in the Configuration model, adding these parameters to JAVA_OPTS can be done at the Streamlet level or runtime level. In this example, we are adding it to all Akka streamlets. That is the Akka runtime 

[source, hocon]
----
cloudflow.akka.runtime {
  kubernetes.pods.pod {
    containers.container {
      env = [ 
            { name = "JAVA_OPTS" 
              value = "-agentlib:jdwp=transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=n,address=5005"
            }
          ]
    }
  }
}
----

> Once this is added and the application is deployed we'll need to do two things. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once this is added and the application is deployed we'll need to do two things:
```

> 1. Adding a remote configuration in the IDE of our choice. When adding this remote Run/Debug configuration we have to make sure that it has these arguments for the remote JVM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add a remote configuration in the IDE of our choice. When adding this remote Run/Debug configuration we have to make sure that it has these arguments for the remote JVM.
```

	
	-agentlib:jdwp=transport=dt_socket,server=y,suspend=n,address=*:5005

>  Also, this remote configuration shall point to 'localhost' in the port of our choice. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above remote configuration example points to 'localhost' and port 5005. 
```
Is maybe better?

> 2. Kubernetes port forwarding from our local to the selected streamlet. Let's say the port of our choice in the IDE is 5005 and our application is called 'example-application'. Then we will need to port forwarding like the following:

Reviewer: Does this step work even if we don't expose the port while deploying the streamlet? Is it already exposed by default by the operator?

> 2. Kubernetes port forwarding from our local to the selected streamlet. Let's say the port of our choice in the IDE is 5005 and our application is called 'example-application'. Then we will need to port forwarding like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Port-forward from our local to the selected streamlet in the Kubernetes cluster. Let's say the port of our choice in the IDE is 5005 and our application is called 'example-application'. Then we will need to port-forward like in the following example:
```
